press to launch Cydia Installer from
your springboard pressed select the
manage tab at the bottom of the screen
press the large sources button that
appears press the edit button at the top
right of the screen then press the add
button that appears on the top left
input HTTP colon forward slash forward
slash apt 9 dot ye ll o WS n 0 w comm
and press the add source button once the
source has been added successfully press
the return to Cydia button next press
the done button at the top right
then select apt 9 yellow snow comm from
the list of sources select yellow snow
from the list of packages then press the
install button at the top right press
the confirm button at the top right to
begin installation once yellow snow has
been installed successfully press the
return to Cydia button press the home
button to return to your springboard
then power on and off the iPhone using
the power button
you
when your iphone has rebooted yellow
snow will be running remove your old SIM
card and insert a new SIM card
you
after about 10 seconds your new network
should be detected thanks go out to the
iPhone Dev Team for making this online